- added documentation for the SMTP mail plugin (#525)
valtimo-platform/valtimo-documentation: using-valtimo/plugin/smtp-mail/configure-smtp-mail-plugin.md

Reviewer: A reference to this page has to be added to both SUMMARY.md and plugin.md. Otherwise the page won't be visible.

> # SMTP Mail Plugin: A Simple Guide

Reviewer 2: Going to leave a general comment here as when I go through each thing individually I might as well make the changes myself. The PR does not adhere to our style guidelines. Please follow https://docs.valtimo.nl/readme/style-guide.

Second: Please look at other using valtimo pages for inspiration on what the descriptions should be. As it stands this page kind of sticks out like a sore thumb. I know you generated this, so my suggestion would be to either give it more information, or write it yourself.

Author: @marijnritense i completely rewrote it :D Let me know if sth is still not correct

# SMTP Mail Plugin

The SMTP Mail Plugin lets you send emails using any SMTP server.

> The SMTP Mail Plugin is not a standard part of Valtimo. It is available in the Plugins Repo. More information can be found [here](https://docs.valtimo.nl/readme/modules/plugin-introduction#plugins-repo).

Reviewer: Not sure if this is the link:
```suggestion
The SMTP Mail Plugin is not a standard part of Valtimo. It is available in the Plugins Repo. More information can be found [here](https://github.com/generiekzaakafhandelcomponent/Plugins).
```
